hey guys so today is going to be an
outfit of the day / night I know you
guys have requested this outfit of the
day so so much this is like probably my
most requested outfit of the day that
I've ever received and it is on this
burn dress that I got from Target a
while back I have to check the website
last time I was in Target which you guys
saw on my follow me around shopping blog
last time I was there I did not see this
exact print but they did have the dress
just in a different print so I would
definitely check your target especially
with the fall things coming in now
because it is fall it may be a little
bit more prone to be in your target in
the plus-size section if you're
interested in it so this dress I want to
say I got it in a size three and the
reason I got that was so that it would
be a little bit longer on me it's still
not as long as I would like it to be but
it is longer so the print on it like I
said is a bird print you can see it's
like a navy blue it may look black on
camera but it's like a navy blue and it
has little like beige Birds on it
and then it has this belt this cognac
color belt that came with a dress it is
three-quarter length sleeves actually
they go a little bit past yeah I guess
there are three-quarter length sleeves
because I go a little bit past my elbow
and then it does have a collar and a
button-up kind of like a typical your
boyfriend type shirt in a dress that the
buttons don't go all the way down they
actually just go to right here and right
here cinches in so you definitely could
wear it without the bell but I feel like
the belt kind of breaks up the monotony
of the birds and it's just all around a
better overall look the belt does have
little loops right here on the side of
the dress so that you the belt doesn't
fall down you don't have to worry about
it being up here by itself and then on
the front of it here it has two pockets
that are I thought at first we're
actually full pockets but there are like
legit pockets on the breast area here
that that's an awkward place to put
anything in there so I definitely
wouldn't
use them as pockets but you could if you
like so I guess I'll start off with my
accessories that I'm wearing with it I
have on these earrings that I actually
got in El Paso for a dollar I think
they're really great
they're super sturdy and they have this
like little brown detail there they're
kind of I don't know I wouldn't say I'd
say like Egyptian style they have the
gold detail with the brown so that's I
kind of match with the dress but I like
them because they're a statement piece
without being too or overly bold because
I feel like the dress is enough to be by
itself it doesn't really need any
additional statement pieces it's a
statement piece all in itself I'm just
wearing a basic necklace because again
this color is kind of a statement
I don't but didn't really want to
outweigh it with any kind of jewelry
plus I'm wearing heavy earrings so I'm
just wearing my basic Tiffany necklace
that on the dress got me for our
anniversary on my left wrist I'm wearing
my Michael Kors watch this is the rose
gold and acrylic it is the mk5 3 2 3 and
then with that I am wearing my main
movement rose gold bracelet just so that
I could tie the rose golden together I
have my wedding rings on on this arm I
have two German pieces I have this one
which I have had for a long time and
it's kind of like a mix of rose gold
gold and silver this was like the very
first no it was the very first piece
that I purchased from drill man I'll put
the names to both of these right down
here and then I also have this one that
came in a set of three again with the
rose gold gold and silver and I'm just
wearing the rose gold little heart no
rings on this finger but I probably
would wear like some sort of dainty gold
ring or rose gold ring just to tie it
all in together as far as my nails I
have on opie eyes meet me meet me on the
star ferry it's just like a really nice
purpley color I do have some like little
glitter in there which I'm not a huge
fan of this is the Dollar Tree glitter
that that I showed you guys in a haul
not too long ago not a huge fan of that
but I love the meet me on star ferry
okay as far as my hair I just haven't I
had it curly with mousse and then I just
kind of slick
sit back with some water and put it up
in a sock bun so that's how that is I
feel like this dress because of the
color really means the hair up on the
head versus on the shoulder so that it
can stand out when I face I actually
have a face of the day or getting ready
with me video that I've already filmed
but pretty much it's just a smoky purple
look with some plum cheeks and basic
nude lips okay down below here as you
can see the dress goes to my knees my
knees are right here so I was kind of
torn with the shoes what I really wanted
to wear with them what would match I
mentioned in the video where I got this
dress that I was going to wear like a
cognac color boot with it that I thought
like a cowgirl boot that that would be
really cute it definitely would be
really cute if you're going to like a
rodeo I think as far as like an everyday
type look or just a cute average outfit
I mean you really want it to be a little
bit more girly than that so I did as I
paired it with some of my target heels
so I have all these nude pumps
definitely you guys can see that they're
these nude pumps so it really elongates
my legs because I'm kind of on the
shorter side but it also gives that
appearance that it's kind of just
cohesive the color all around matches
the the nude color and the the heels
matches the dress and it just kind of
ties everything together so I think that
that's perfect definitely if you wanted
to wear this with heels I mean with
flats you could but because of the
length of the skirt I really feel like
wearing it with flats would cut off your
legs and it would make you look short
and stumpy and you definitely don't want
that I also have these if you happen to
be wearing this shirt more like in the
springtime
these are wedges that have this cutout
piece here I got these from Target they
are a peep toe so again I have on these
heels here which I can show you guys a
little bit more close-up these are the
pierced pumps from Target I want to say
these are just in the basic like camo
color no patent they're just a regular
satin finish the heel is not too high
but I feel like the colors like I said
match perfectly and these match as well
but again this wedge is more of a
spring/summer type thing especially with
a cutout in the open
this is definitely more fall ish
appropriate so yeah I know that this
video was so highly requested and
long-awaited I hope it was worth the
wait for you guys if you own this dress
or a similar pattern to it or the exact
dressed in a different pattern and you
have an outfit of the day or anything
like that post it as a video response or
leave it in the comments down below so
other people can get different ideas as
to how they would style this this may
not be everyone's taste as far as a
dress I think it is super super cute
especially for a plus-sized girl you
know there's not you definitely can find
cute clothes out there but you really
have to be creative and think outside
the box and not just think on this one
we're kind of gonna be because of such
and such when I first bought this it was
a goal of mine to be able to put it in
and outfit in the day for you guys and
actually make it look good so I hope I
did that for you guys I was Trent I
could have sworn it had pockets here I
guess it doesn't but I hope I did that
for you guys and I hope you really
enjoyed seeing this video again like I
said if you would style it different or
if you have any tips or tricks to add to
it definitely leave those in the
comments down below
but until my next video guys thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you in
my next one bye